{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf430
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17980\viewh12760\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Event Photography Server Documentation\
\
Requirements: \
Server:   MAMP or WAMP or LAMP\
(as your operating system requires)\
\
Clients:  Any Web Browser, Firefox has a koisk extension that works great. And you can limit the keyboard to only a number pad!\
\
Installation: \
Install MAMP (for mac), WAMP (for windows), or LAMP (for linux). \
unzip package to the htdocs folder of MAMP or similar folder for linux or windows. \
Once running visit the Phpmyadmin interface and load install.sql into a mysql database. \
Edit conf.php file to include the location of the htdocs folder, and mysql data information. \
\
Make sure that the permissions for the photos directory allows for a directory called thumbs to be created by the webserver. \
\
now open your web browser of choice\
and browse to http://localhost\
or from another computer it would be http://[servers ip]\
\
Orders can be viewed/edited via http://localhost/admin or http://[server ip]/admin (eg. http://192.168.0.2/admin )\
\
\
Usage: \
How to Add a photo event: \
As with most photographers use your editor of choice. (we'll use iphoto)\
When you go to export your photos, export them to the photos alias \
on the desktop. (Eg desktop/photo alias/Reds vs Blues )\
When you visit http://localhost it will automatically generate thumbnails and a index sheet. \
\
If you edit a photo, delete the thumbs directory for that event and it will generate the thumbnails again. \
\
Thumbnails only generate the first time they are loaded, so this may take a minute or two. Once they are generated they load instantly. \
\
How to delete a photo event: \
Just delete the directory that contains the images in the photos alias folder on the desktop. Simple. \
\
How to place a order: \
With a browser browse to the photo server. Click on a event. The buttons on the right of each photo will add that photo in selected format to the toolbar on the left hand side. Once you've got the list you want, enter your phone number and hit confirm. \
\
How to retrieve an order: \
Browse to the photo servers admin page. (eg. http://localhost/admin )\
Enter the phone number or distinctive order number and hit submit\
it will load up the entered list with thumbnails and links. \
\
Printing: \
Use your photo suite of choice. The folder and image name can be obtained from the order retrieval. \
}